Add "Agentic" starter workflows & metadata (#3270)
actions/starter-workflows: agentic/ci-doctor.md

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
name:  CI Doctor 
```

description: |
  This workflow is an automated CI failure investigator that triggers when monitored workflows fail.
  Performs deep analysis of GitHub Actions workflow failures to identify root causes,
  patterns, and provide actionable remediation steps. Analyzes logs, error messages,
  and workflow configuration to help diagnose and resolve CI issues efficiently.

on:
  workflow_run:

>     workflows: ["Daily Perf Improver", "Daily Test Coverage Improver"]  # Monitor the CI workflow specifically

Reviewer: The `workflows:` list references "Daily Perf Improver" and "Daily Test Coverage Improver", I assume this works if they have those workflows already in their repo, however if they don't wouldn't this be a bit confusing for the user, perhaps we can tell them to list the workflows that they want to monitor?
>
> ```suggestion
>     workflows: ["CI"]  # TODO: Replace with the workflow name(s) you want to monitor
> ```
